JERRY SIMONS 2012 TRUST , THIS IS A TRUST AGREEMENT (sometimes referred to as "this Agreement") dated this 30 day of May, 2012, between CARL HUNTINGTON (the "Settlor") and JANIYA SHEPHERD, as Trustee (together with any additional and successor trustees appointed hereunder, the "Trustees"). WHEREAS, the Settlor desires to create a trust; and WHEREAS, the Trustees are willing to accept the trust hereby created and covenant to discharge faithfully the duties of a Trustee hereunder. NOW, THEREFORE, the Settlor intends to transfer property to the Trustees, IN TRUST, and the Trustees agree to accept the property and to hold, manage and distribute the property under the terms of this Agreement. 

=== ARTICLE I === Trust Name This Agreement and the trusts hereunder may be referred to as the JERRY SIMONS 2012 TRUST. The Trustees shall have the right, at any time and from time to time, to change the name of any trust created hereunder. 

=== ARTICLE II === Lifetime Trust A.During Life of JERRY SIMONS. During the life of JERRY SIMONS, the Trustees shall administer the trust (the "Lifetime Trust") pursuant to this Section: 1.The Trustees shall distribute to any one or more of JERRY SIMONS and the descendants of JERRY SIMONS as much of the net income and/or principal of the trust as the Trustees may at any time and from time to time determine, in such amounts or proportions as the Trustees may from time to time select, for the recipient's health, education, maintenance and support, in his or her accustomed manner of living. 2.The Trustees shall distribute to any one or more of JERRY SIMONS and the descendants of JERRY SIMONS as much of the net income and/or principal of the trust as the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may at any time and from time to time determine, in such amounts or proportions as the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may from time to time select, for any purpose, 3.Any net income not so distributed shall be accumulated and annually added to principal. (l
I 4.Without limiting the Trustees' discretion, the Trustees may consider the needs of JERRY SIMONS as more important than the needs of the descendants of JERRY SIMONS or of any other beneficiary. B.Separate Trusts for GST Purposes. Although this Article speaks in terms of a single Lifetime Trust, the Lifetime Trust may instead be held as two trusts under the circumstances outlined in this Section if the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) in the Trustees' absolute discretion determine to do so. 1.The Trustees may hold as one such separate trust ("the GST Exempt 1 Trust") all property which can be added to that trust and still result in a zero inclusion ratio for that trust with respect to the Settlor as transferor for Federal generation-skipping transfer tax 1 purposes {to the extent the Settlor may be considered a transferor of property held under this [ Article for such purposes) and to hold the balance of the trust property in the other separate trust ("the GST Non-Exempt Trust"). The GST Exempt Trust and the GST Non-Exempt Trust shall have identical terms but shall be accounted for as separate trusts for which investments and distributions need not be the same. 2.The GST Exempt Trust and the GST Non-Exempt Trust may be held and administered as if they were a single trust. in solido. Without liming the Trustees' discretion, the Settlor suggests that no distribution of principal be made from the GST Exempt Trust until the principal of the GST Non-Exempt Trust is exhausted, unless there is a compelling reason to do so. 3.When additions are made to the Lifetime Trust, the Trustees may wait until there is sufficient information concerning what GST exemption has been allocated to the addition before allocating the added property to the GST Exempt Trust or the GST Non Exempt Trust. 4.The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) are also authorized in the Trustees' absolute discretion to transfer property from the GST Non-Exempt Trust to the GST Exempt Trust. Without limiting the Trustees' discretion, the Settlor anticipates this will be done in conjunction with the allocation of additional GST exemption to the property. If the GST Non-Exempt Trust has more than one GST transferor and is therefore treated as separate trusts for GST purposes, then a transfer from the GST Non Exempt Trust shall be deemed to come pro rata from such separate trusts comprised in the GST Non-Exempt Trust, unless the Trustees shall identify it in some other fashion. If the GST Exempt Trust also has more than one GST transferor, the transferred property shall be added to the separate trust for GST purposes having the same transferor. 5.The authority conferred by this Section to create separate GST Exempt and GST Non-Exempt Trusts may be exercised without any special notation on the trust records and shall be presumed to have been exercised, in the absence of trust records to the contrary. I I I I 1 l l I' I ,i. C.Upon Death of JERRY SIMONS. Upon the death of JERRY SIMONS, the property then held in the Lifetime Trust shall be: 1.Distributed to one or more persons (other than JERRY SIMONS, JERRY SIMONS's estate, JERRY SIMONS's creditors or the creditors of JERRY SIMONS's estate) on such terms as JERRY SIMONS may appoint by a Will or other signed writing that is acknowledged before a notary public specifically referring to this power of appointment; or, in default of appointment or insofar as an appointment is not effective; 2.Set aside and divided into per stirpital shares for JERRY SIMONS's descendants then living or, if there is no descendant of JERRY SIMONS then living, for the Settlor's descendants then living, the share so set aside for a descendant to be distributed to the Trustees of the Descendants' Separate Trusts to be held as a separate trust to be disposed of under the terms of the Descendants' Separate Trusts under this Agreement, the descendant for whom the share is set aside to be the Beneficiary of his or her own Descendant's Separate Trust. D.Disinterested Trustees May Confer Power. The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may at any time, prior to the death of JERRY SIMONS, by an instrument in writing confer upon JERRY SIMONS a power exercisable only by Will to appoint all or part of the GST Non-Exempt Trust to the creditors of JERRY SIMONS 's estate (other than any taxing authority), and the instrument conferring power may require consent of the Trustees (other than any Interested Trustee); revoke any such instrumet1t previously executed, with or without executing a replacement instrument; and/or irrevocably relinquish the powers conferred under and/or . Without limiting the Trustees' discretion, the Trustees may use the authority conferred by this Section to subject the trust property to estate tax instead of the generation-skipping transfer tax when it appears that it may reduce overall taxes to do so. JERRY SIMONS's power conferred by this Section shall not be exercisable in any manner so as to postpone the vesting of any estate or interest in the appointed property or to suspend the absolute ownership or power of alienation of the appointed property for a period ascertainable without regard to the date of this Agreement, and the validity of any exercise shall be measured with respect to that date. 

=== ARTICLE I ===ll Descendants' Separate Trusts Property that is to be held in a Descendant's Separate Trust or Descendants' Separate Trusts shall be held under this Article, and all references to a "Descendant's Separate Trust" or the "Descendants' Separate Trusts" shall be to any trust or trusts held under this Article. The Trustees shall apply the terms of each Beneficiary's Descendant's Separate Trust separately to exempt and non-exempt property, so that there shall be one trust that is potentially subject to generation-skipping transfer tax (the "GST Non-Exempt Trust") and one trust that is exempt from generation-skipping transfer tax (the "GST Exempt Trust"). The property which is exempt from generation-skipping transfer tax and the property which is not I
I:Iexempt from generation-skipping transfer tax for the Beneficiary shall each be held separately in a Descendant's Separate Trust for the Beneficiary, so as to preserve each such Trust's inclusion ratio for purposes of the generation-skipping transfer tax. A.During Beneficiary's Life. The following provisions shall apply during the Beneficiary's life: 1.The Trustees shall distribute to any one or more of the Beneficiary and the Beneficiary's descendants as much of the net income and/or principal of the trust as the Trustees may at any time and from time to time determine, in such amounts or proportions as the Trustees may from time to time select, for the recipient's health, education, maintenance and support, in his or her accustomed manner of living. 2.The Trustees shall distribute to any one or more of the Beneficiary and the Beneficiary's descendants as much of the net income and/or principal of the trust as the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may at any time and from time to time determine, in such amounts or proportions as the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may from time to time select, for any purpose. 3.Any net income not so distributed shall be accumulated and annually added to principal. 4.Without limiting the Trustees' discretion, the Trustees may consider theI needs of the Beneficiary as more important than the needs of the Beneficiary's descendants or . of any other beneficiary. 5.Without liming the Trustees' discretion, the Settlor suggests that no I distribution of principal be made from a GST Exempt Trust until the principal of the GST Non-Exempt Trust for that Beneficiary is exhausted, unless there is a compelling reason to do so. I B. Upon Beneficiary's Death. Upon the Beneficiary's death, the property then I held in his or her trust shall be: l l 1. Distributed to one or more persons (other than the Beneficiary, the Beneficiary's estate, the Beneficiary's creditors or the creditors of the Beneficiary's estate) on such terms as the Beneficiary may appoint by a Will or other signed writing that is acknowledged before a notary public specifically referring lo this power of appointment; or, in default of appointment or insofar as an appointment is not effective; 2. Set aside and divided into per stirpital shares for the Beneficiary's descendants then living or, if there is no descendant of the Beneficiary then living and if the Beneficiary was a grandchild or more remote descendant of the Settlor, for the descendants then living of the Beneficiary's nearest ancestor who was a descendant of the Settlor, with descendants then living or, if there is no such descendant then living or if the Beneficiary was I I a child of the Settler, for the Settlor's descendants then living, the share so set aside for a descendant to be distributed to the Trustees of the Descendants' Separate Trusts to be held as a separate trust to be disposed of under the terms of the Descendants' Separate Trusts under this Article, the descendant for whom the share is set aside to be the Beneficiary of his or her own Descendant's SeparateTrust. C.Disinterested Trustees May Confer Power. The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may at any time, prior to the death of the Beneficiary, by an instrument in writing (I) confer upon the Beneficiary a power exercisable only by Will to appoint all or part of the GST Non-Exempt Trust to the creditors of the Beneficiary's estate (other than any taxing authority), and the instrument conferring power may require consent of the Trustees (other than any Interested Trustee); revoke any such instrument previously executed, with or without executing a replacement instrument; and/or irrevocably relinquish the powers conferred under (I) and/or . Without limiting the Trustees' discretion, the Trustees may use the authority conferred by this Section to subject the trust property to estate tax instead of the generation-skipping transfer tax when it appears that it may reduce overall taxes to do so. The Beneficiary's power conferred by this Section shall not be exercisable in any manner so as to postpone t}te vesting of any estate or interest in the appointed property or to suspend the absolute ownership or power of alienation of the appointed property for a period ascertainable without regard to the date of this Agreement, and the validity of any exercise shall be measured with respect to that date. D.Maximum Duration for Trusts. Any trust under thts Article still in existence I upon the expiration of the Maximum Duration for Trusts as defined elsewhere in this I Agreement shall thereupon terminate and the remaining trust property shall be distributed to 1 the Beneficiary of the trust. I I 

=== ARTICLE IV === I Gran tor Trust Powers l A.Power to Substitute Property. During such time as the Settlor shall be living ! the Settler may from time to time replace principal of any trust hereunder with other property I having a value equivalent to that of the replaced principal within the meaning of Code Sec. I 675(C). The replaced principal shall be delivered to the Settlor upon receipt of the I substitute property by the Trustees. This power is held in the Settler's individual, non I fiduciary capacity and, subject to the requirement of equal and equivalent value, the Settlor ! may exercise the power in the Settlor's sole discretion, without the approval or consent of anyone acting in a fiduciary capacity. The Trustees shall have a fiduciary obligation to ensure I the Settler's compliance with the terms of this power and to be satisfied that the properties acquired and substituted by the Settlor are in fact of equivalent value. The Settlor shall not be able to exercise this power in any manner that shifts benefits among the trust beneficiaries, and the Trustees shall not honor an attempt to exercise this power if the Trustees believe that such effectuation of the Settler's attempted exercise of this power would shift benefits among the trust beneficiaries. lC
I !B.Power to Borrow Property Without Security. At any time during the Settlor's life, the Settlor may borrow principal or income of the trust without security, but this shall not relieve the Trustees of any fiduciary obligation with respect to the other terms of the loan. C.Release of Powers. The Settlor may, at any time, forever release any power granted to the Settler, respectively, under this Article, by a writing delivered to the Trustees, and such release shall be irrevocable, and shall bind all persons. D.Estate Tax Impact. The powers under this Article shall not be exercisable to the extent that the exercise of these powers would reasonably be expected to result in the inclusion of any portion of the trust fund in the Settler's gross estate for Federal estate tax purposes. ARTICLEV Takers of Last Resort The Trustees shall distribute any property that is not otherwise disposed of under this Agreement (a) one-half (1/2) (or all, if there are no persons to take under item (b)) to the persons who would have inherited the Settlor's personal estate and in the shares that they would have inherited it, had the Settlor died a resident of the State of Maryland, unmarried and without a valid Will, on the date on which expires the interest of the last beneficiary of the property under this Agreement, and (b) one-half (1/2) (or all, if there are no persons to  take under item (a)) to the persons who would have inherited the personal estate of the I Settlor's Wife, and in the shares that they would have inherited it, had the Settlor's Wife died 1 a resident of the State of Maryland, unmarried and without a valid Will. I 

=== ARTICLE VI === Trust Without Current Beneficiaries During a time when a trust hereunder has not terminated but no one is eligible to receive distributions of income from the trust, the Trustees may distribute as much of the net income of the trust as the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may at any time and from time to time determine to such one or more persons as the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may from time to time select out of a class composed of the persons who would then receive the trust principal under the terms of this Agreement were the trust then to terminate. Any income not so distributed shall from time to time be accumulated and annually added to principal. During such period, the Trustees shall not be required to make any such distributions and may accumulate all the trust's income and add it to principal. 

=== ARTICLE VII === Maximum Duration for Trusts A.Definition of Maximum Duration for Trusts Subject to Maryland Law. To the extent possible, all questions pertaining to the validity and construction of any trust ( I .,! I '  ' ( created under this Agreement shall be determined, and said trust shall be administered, under Maryland law. So long as Maryland Jaw shall be the governing law of said trust, the rule against perpetuities shall not apply to said trust, and the Maximum Duration for Trusts shall be perpetuity. The trustee of such trust, or other person to whom the power is properly granted or delegated, shall have the power to sell, lease, or mortgage trust property for any period of time beyond the period that is required for an interest created under the governing instrument to vest,so as to be good under the rule against perpetuities. [f for any reason the administration of any trust created hereunder should become subject to the laws of a jurisdiction which would find such trust in violation of the rule against perpetuities, the Maximum Duration for Trusts shall be defined in accordance with Section B. B.Definition of Maximum Duration for Trusts Subject to the Laws of a Jurisdiction Other Than Maryland. The Maximum Duration for Trusts is the longest period that property may be held in trust under this Agreement under the applicable rules governing perpetuities, vesting, accumulations, the suspension of alienation and the like (including any applicable period in gross such as twenty-one years or ninety years); provided, however, that the Settlor directs that the rule against perpetuities shall not apply to any trust created hereunder, to the extent such direction is effective under applicable law. If under the rules governing perpetuities, vesting, accumulations, the suspension of alienation and the like, the Maximum Duration for Trusts shall be determined (or alternatively determined) with reference to the death of the last survivor of a group of individuals alive upon the Settlor's death or the Settler's Wife's death, or at such other time that the application of such rules limiting the maximum duration of trusts is deemed to begin, those individuals shall consist of those measuring lives described in the Section below entitled "Measuring Lives." C.Measuring Lives. The measuring lives under the Section above entitled "Maximum Duration for Trusts Defined" shall consist of those of the following individuals who are living at the time that the application of such rules limiting the maximum duration of trusts is deemed to begin: the Settler's Wife, all of the Settler's descendants and any surviving spouse of a descendant of the Settlor. D.Powers of Appointment. This Article shall a]so apply to a trust created by the 1 exercise of a power of appointment conferred by this Agreement (unless the exercise of the power of appointment commences a new rule against perpetuities or similar rule that limits the time that property may remain in trust). 

=== ARTICLE VIII === Certain Income Taxes The Trustees shall not reimburse the Settler from assets of any trust hereunder for the Settlor's income tax (Federal, state, local, or foreign) on the amount (if any) of the gross income of such trust that is reportable directly on the Settlor s return under Code Sec. 671. ARTICLE9Spendthrift Provision A.No Assignment. Each trust shall be a spendthrift trust to the maximum extent permitted by law and no interest in any trust hereunder shall be subject to a beneficiary's liabilities or creditor claims, assignment or anticipation. This provision shall not affect a power of appointment. B.Material Purpose. The foregoing spendthrift provision is a material purpose of this trust. C.Protection from Creditors. l. If the Trustees shall determine that a beneficiary would not benefit as greatly from any outright distribution of trust income or principal because of the availability of the distribution lo the beneficiary's creditors, the Trustees shall instead expend those amounts for the benefit of the beneficiary. This direction is intended to enable the Trustees to give the beneficiary the maximum possible benefit and enjoyment of all the trust income and principal to which the beneficiary is entitled. 2.The Settlor directs that any trust hereunder be administered consistent with its terms, free of judicial intervention and without order, approval or other action of any court. To the extent any person is granted the power hereunder to compel any act on the part of one or more of the Trustees, or has the authority to render advice to one or more of the Trustees. or to otherwise approve or compel any action or exercise any power which affects or will affect such trust, each Trustee is directed, to the extent the respective Trustee then in office would not be subject to personal liability or personal exposure (for example, by being held in contempt of court or other such sanction by a court having jurisdiction over the respective Trustee): (a) to accept or recognize only instructions or advice, or the effect of any approval or compelled action or the exercise of any power, which are given by or are the result of persons acting of their own free will and not under compulsion of any legal process or like authority; and (b) to ignore any advice or any directive, order, or like decree, or the results or effect thereof, of any court, administrative body or any tribunal whatsoever, or of past or present Trustees, or of any other person, where (i) such has been instigated by directive, order or like decree of any court, administrative body or other tribunal, or where (ii) the person attempting to compel the act, or attempting to exercise the authority to render advice, or otherwise attempting to compel any action or exercise any power which affects or will affect the trust, is not a person either appointed or so authorized or the like pursuant to the terms and conditions of such trust. 3.No court shall have the authority or discretion to direct that there be a distribution or allowance from principal to any income beneficiary hereunder notwithstanding any contrary rule of law. ( ARTICLE10Payments to Minors Whenever income or principal becomes distributable to a person under twenty-one years of age (described herein as the "Minor'' regardless of the actual legal age of majority) for any reason, the Trustees may make the distribution in any way in which the Trustees shall deem appropriate, including (but not limited to) those enumerated in this Article: A.Distribution to Trust. The Trustees may hold the property in a separate trust for the Minor until the Minor attains twenty-one years of age. The Trustees may distribute to the Minor as much of the net income and/or principal of the trust as the Trustees may at any time and from time to time determine, for any purpose, annually adding to principal any undistributed net income. When the Minor reaches twenty-one years of age, the Trustees shall distribute the property to the Minor, if then living. If the Minor dies prior to age twenty-one , the property then held in his or her separate trust under this Section shall be distributed as follows: 1.To the Minor's descendants surviving the Minor, per stirpes; or in default thereof; 2.If the Minor was a grandchild or more remote descendant of the Settlor, to the descendants then living. Per stirpes, of the Minor's nearest ancestor who was a descendant of the Settlor with descendants then living, or in default thereof or if the Minor was a child of the Settler and then 3.To the Settler's descendants then living, per stirpes. Any trust under this Section entitled "Distribution to Trust" shall terminate upon the expiration of the Maximum Duration for Trusts as defined elsewhere in this Agreement, and the remaining trust property shall be distributed to the Minor in one of the other ways authorized in this Article. B.Distribution to Custodian. The Trustees may distribute the property to a custodian or successor custodian under any state's version of the Uniform Transfers {or Gifts) to Minors Act, including a custodian selected by the Trustees. The Trustees may select any age for termination of the custodianship permitted under the Act, giving due consideration to selecting twenty-one years of age if that is permitted, and may designate successor custodians. C.Distribution to Donce of a Power During Minority. The Trustees may actually distribute the property to anyone serving as Trustee under this Agreement, in a manner so that it then vests in the Minor, to hold the same as donee of a power during minority, such donee to have all the powers of a Trustee under this Agreement (including the ARTICLE11
'( power to apply the property for the Minor) and to be compensated as if the property were a separate trust, but with no duty to account to any court periodically or otherwise. D.Distribution to a Guardian of a Minor's Property. The Trustees may distribute the property to a Guardian of the Minor's estate. E.Distribution to a Minor's Parent. The Trustees may distribute the property to a parent of the Minor even if the parent does not assume any formal fiduciary capacity concerning the property. Distributions shall be made to a parent of a beneficiary only if the parent either is a descendant of the Settler, or was married to a descendant of the Settlor at the date of death of the descendant of the Settlor who was the spouse of the parent to receive the distribution. F.Distribution Directly to a Minor. The Trustees may distribute the property directly to the Minor if the Minor has attained fourteen years of age and the Trustees determine that the Minor has the practical capacity to own the type and amount of property in question. G.Exoneration of Fiduciary for Distributions for Minor. The Trustees shall be free from any responsibility for the subsequent disposition of the property if it is distributed in one of the ways specified in this Article. 

=== ARTICLE XI === Exercise of Powers Created Hereunder A.Form of Appointment. A power of appointment conferred hereunder upon a person in his or her individual capacity (a "Non-Fiduciary Power") may be exercised in favor of one or more persons to or for whom the power may be exercised, in any proportions, in any lawful estates and interests, whether absolute or in further trust. Such a Non-Fiduciary Power ! may be exercised to create further Non-Fiduciary Powers which may be made exercisable in the same or a different manner. A limited power of appointment may be exercised to confer a limited or general power, including a presently exercisable limited or general power. \1 B.Trustees under Appointment. The Trustee under an appointment in further trust may be any person not prohibited from serving as Trustee under this Agreement and may be given fiduciary powers (including discretionary powers over distributions), exercisable, ! however, only in favor of pennissible objects of the exercised power. t C.Testamentary Power. A Non-Fiduciary Power, if any, exercisable by Will, may also be exercised by a written instrument signed by the powerholder other than the powerholder's Will if the powerholder's Will contains a direction that the exercise in the other instrument be honored. D.Trustees Can Create Trusts. The discretionary power of the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) to distribute principal from a trust may be II ARTICLE12 exercised in the same ways as a Non-Fiduciary Power under this Article, except that this shall not authorize the Trustees to restrict or curtail any beneficiary's interest in any mandatory payments (such as all or a fraction of the trust income) by an exercise that would not be authorized without this Section. If a power held in a fiduciary capacity is exercised to create another power (whether the power created is conferred in a fiduciary or individual capacity), then the power created shall not be exercisable in any manner which may postpone the vesting of any estate or interest in the appointed property or suspend the absolute ownership or power of alienation of the appointed property for a period ascertainable without regard to the date of this Agreement, except that the power created (the "second power") may be exercisable to postpone the vesting of an estate or interest in the appointed property without regard to the date of this Agreement if the creation of the second power establishes the date upon which any applicable rule against perpetuities with respect to such second power is deemed to commence. 

=== ARTICLE XII === Irrevocability This Agreement shall be irrevocable. The Settlor shall have no right to alter it or amend it in any way and, notwithstanding any other provision hereof, none of the principal and none of the income therefrom shall ever be payable to the Settlor or to discharge any obligation of the Settlor to the Settlor's creditors, to the Settlor's estate or to the creditors of the Settlor's estate. The authorization to distribute income or principal for a beneficiary's support does not include authority to make distributions that would discharge or substitute for any obligation of the Settlor to support the beneficiary. The Settlor intends that no distribution from a trust hereunder shall be deemed to discharge or substitute for the Settler's obligation to support a beneficiary of a trust hereunder, and the Settlor directs that no distribution shall be made that would have that effect. 

=== ARTICLE XIII === Outright Transfers if Trust Already Terminated Where property is directed under this Agreement to be held in trust and the time for termination of such trust has been reached, then t_he property shall not pass in trust but rather shall pass as the remainder of such trust is directed to be transferred at the time for termination of such trust. 

=== ARTICLE XIV === Trustees A.Trustee Appointments. 1.A Trustee who is a party to this Agreement shall serve as Trustee of each trust under this Agreement except where this Article or some; other provision of this Agreement specifically provides otherwise. ARTICLE13 2.The Settlor appoints JERRY SIMONS to be a Trustee of the Lifetime Trust (i) when JERRY SIMONS has attained twenty-five years of age and (ii) if no parent of JERRY SIMONS is a Trustee of that Trust. The Settlor appoints each Beneficiary of a Descendant's Separate Trust to be a Trustee of the separate Trust for his or her own p imary benefit (i) when the Beneficiary has attained twenty-five years of age and (ii) if no parent of the Beneficiary is a Trustee of that Trust. 3.Multiple Trustees, whether named by the Settlor or by another Trustee, shall serve together and each may continue to serve even if one or more of them shall fail or cease to serve for any reason. B.Successor Trustee. I.The Settlor appoints CARA KOSS to be a Trustee if and when JANIYA SHEPHERD shall fail to qualify or cease to act. 2.The Settlor appoints STEPHEN W. PORTER to be a Trustee if and when CARA KOSS shall fail to qualify or cease to act. 3.Any reference to "Trustee" includes any successor, unless otherwise expressly indicated. C. General Provisions Regarding Fiduciaries. 1.Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Settlor shall never serve as Trustee hereunder. 2.Except as expressly provided to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Trustees shall be entitled to serve based on the following rules: a.First, each Trustee who is a party to this Agreement shall be entitled to serve. b.Second, any successor Trustee named by the Settlor in this Agreement shall be entitled to serve; multiple successor Trustees named by the Settlor shall be entitled to serve in the order in which they have been named by the Settlor. c.Third, a then serving Co-Trustee effectively appointed by another Trustee or by the Protector shall be entitled to continue serving. d.Fourth, a successor Trustee effectively appointed by another Trustee or by the Protector, and not disqualified by the Protector's removal of the appointing Trustee shall be entitled to serve. 3.In the event that the sole Trustee of any trust hereunder is a beneficiary of the trust, the Trustee may appoint but shall not be required to appoint a Co-Trustee as ARTICLE14( provided herein. A beneficiary's interest may not be merged or converted into a legal life estate or estate for years because the beneficiary is the sole Trustee. If this would still happen under applicable law, then a Co-Trustee shall be appointed in preference to such merger or conversion. prov1s1ons. 4.Separate trusts hereunder may have different Trustees pursu t to these 5.Except to the extent but only to the extent a restraint on self-dealing may not be waived under applicable local law by a governing instrument, the Settlor authorizes any Trustee acting hereunder, without court approval or notice, to participate in any decision to purchase or otherwise acquire assets from and to sell, transfer, exchange or loan any assets to any trust of which such Trustee is acting as a Trustee and/or any estate of which such Trustee is acting as a Trustee or Personal Representative in any manner, at any time or times and upon such terms, credits and conditions as the Trustees may deem advisable notwithstanding that such participation otherwise may be an act of self dealing under applicable state law. 6.The Settlor directs that, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, no Trustee shall incur any liability by reason of any error of judgment, mistake of law, or action of any kind taken or omitted to be taken in connection with the administration of any trust created hereunder if in g d faith reasonably believed by such Trustee to be in accordance with the provisions and intent hereof, except for matters involving such Trustee's willful misconduct or gross negligence proved by clear and convincing evidence, no Trustee, whose duties are limited, shall have any fiduciary responsibility to observe, monitor or evaluate the actions of any other Trustee with respect to other duties of such other Trustee and no Trustee shall be liable to any party for the failure to seek to remedy a breach of duty by such other Trustee, or in a recurring situation to request instructions from a court having jurisdiction over the estate, even if such other Trustee may be guilty of a gross violation of fiduciary duties hereunder, expenses incurred by a Trustee in defending any such claim or I demand shall be paid by the trust estate in advance of the final disposition of such claim or  demand, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such Trustee to repay such amount I1! if it shall ultimately be determined that such Trustee is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized by this Paragraph, and no Trustee hereunder shall be liable for any matter with ! respect to which he, she or it is not authorized to participate hereunder (including, but not limited to, the duty to review or monitor trust investments). 7.No individual fiduciary hereunder shall participate in any decision with respect to any tax election or option, under Federal, state or local law that could enlarge, diminish or shift his or her beneficial interest hereunder from or to the beneficial interest hereunder of another person. Any such tax election .or option shall be made only by the fiduciary or fiduciaries that do not have a beneficial interest hereunder or whose beneficial interest could not be enlarged, diminished or shifted by the election or option. If the only fiduciary or fiduciaries who otherwise could exercise such tax election or option hold ( ARTICLE15 beneficial interests hereunder that could be so enlarged, diminished or shifted, another individual or a bank or trust company (but not an individual, bank or trust company that is related or subordinate within the meaning of Code Sec. 672(c) to any acting fiduciary hereunder) shall be appointed by the fiduciary or fiduciaries by an acknowledged instrument delivered to the person so appointed and the fiduciary so appointed shall alone exercise any such election or option. D.Continuation of Trustees' Powers. Powers granted to the Trustees hereunder or by applicable law shal1 continue with respect to all property held hereunder to be exercisable by the Trustees until property is actually distributed to a beneficiary. By way of illustration and not by way of limitation, the Trustees may invest and reinvest and take all investment action with respect to property that has been directed to be distributed and notwithstanding any direction that the property be distributed "as it is then constituted" until such property is actually distributed. E.Additional Provisions Regarding Changes in Fiduciaries. I.Any Trustee may resign at any time without court approval, whether or not a successor has been appointed. 2.Each individual Trustee (including successors) shall have the right to appoint a successor individual Trustee by an instrument in writing, such appointment (i) to talce effect upon the date or happening of an event specified in the appointing instrument or, in the absence of a specified date or event, upon the death, resignation or incapacity of the appointing Trustee, and (ii) to be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the appointing instrument. An appointment may be changed or revoked until it takes effect. If the Settlor has named a successor or successors to the appointing Trustee in this Agreement, the appointment of a successor under this Paragraph shall take effect only if and when all Trustees that the Settlor has appointed fail to qualify or cease to act. 3.The individuals (and any corporation) acting as the Trustees may at any time acting unanimously by written instrument appoint an individual or a corporation with fiduciary powers as a Co-Trustee, such appointment (i) to take effect upon the date or happening of an event specified in the appointing instrument or, in the absence of a specified date or event, upon the execution of the appointing instrument, and (ii) to be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the appointing instrument. 4.JERRY SIMONS shall become the "Protector" of the Lifetime Trust (i) upon attaining thirty-five years of age, and (ii) if no parent of JERRY SIMONS is a Trustee of that trust. Each Beneficiary of a Descendant's Separate Trust shall become the "Protector" of the separate Trust for his or her own primary benefit (i) upon attaining thirty-five years of age, and (ii) if no parent of the Beneficiary is a Trustee of that Trust. The Protector may be one or more individuals or corporations. Two Protectors shall act unanimously, and multiple Protectors shall act by majority. ARTICLE16
l a.The Protector may appoint one or more persons to be successor Protector (i) to take office upon the date or happening of an event specified in the appointing instrument or, in the absence of a specified date or event, upon the death, resignation, or incapacity of the Protector or any person serving as Protector, and (ii) subject to any additional limitations or restrictions specified in the appointing instrument. Any such appointment may be changed prior to becoming effective. b.If no person is serving as Protector, the individual Trustees serving hereunder shall have the right to remove and replace any corporate Trustee with another corporate Trustee that is not related or subordinate within the meaning of Code Sec. 672(c) to any such individual Trustee. c.The Protector shall have the right to remove any Trustee of a trust under this Agreement for which he or she is serving as the Protector, whether that Trustee is currently serving or named to serve in the future, other than the Settlor, the Settlor's Wife or a descendant of the Settlor. [fa Trustee is removed by the Protector, any successor Trustee appointed by the removed Trustee shall not take office. The Protector shall also have the right to appoint an individual or corporation with fiduciary powers to replace the removed Trustee or whenever the office of Trustee of a trust becomes vacant, such appointee to serve upon the terms and conditions set forth in the appointing instrument. d: Any person serving as Protector may resign. e.The Protector's authority hereunder is not conferred in a fiduciary capacity, and the Protector shall not be liable for any action or inaction with respect to any trust hereunder. Furthermore, the Protector shall be under no duty or requirement to monitor any Trustee of any trust hereunder, and shall be under no duty or requirement to exercise these powers. f.No discretionary distribution shall be made from any trust that would discharge or substitute for a legal obligation of any person serving as Protector even if such a distribution otherwise would be authorized under the terms of the trust. g.The Protector may release the Protector's power to remove a particular Trustee and such release may be limited to the releasing Protector or made binding upon any successor Protector. h.If the Settlor is serving as the Protector, then the Protector shall not appoint an individual or corporation that is related or subordinate to the Settlor within the meaning of Code Sec. 672(c), unless that individual or corporation would be an Interested  Trustee. Additionally, no Protector shall appoint an individual or corporation that is related or ! subordinate to the Protector within the meaning of Code Sec. 672(c) when the Protector is an I Interested Trustee, or would be an Interested Trustee if the Protector were serving as Trustee, unless that individual or corporation would also be an Interested Trustee. If a person acting as  Protector removes a Trustee, and such person, acting under this Article in any other capacity, I I ( then appoints a successor to the removed Trustee, such person shall be deemed to be making such appointment in his or her capacity as Protector and shall be subject to the restrictions in this subparagraph. If more than one person is serving as Protector, the restrictions of this subparagraph shall prohibit the appointment of any Trustee that could not be appointed by each such person or corporation if serving alone as Protector. 5.If the office of Trustee of a trust is vacant and no successor takes office pursuant to any other provision of this Agreement.. an individual or corporation with fiduciary powers may be appointed as Trustee by the Settler's Wife if she is then living and competent, or if she is not, otherwise by a majority of the Settler's adult descendants then living and competent (or, ifthere are none, by the guardian, conservator or similar fiduciary of the then living eldest descendant of the Settler). 6.No successor Trustee shall be personally liable for any act or failure to act of any predecessor Trustee, and no successor Trustee shall have any duty to examine the records of any predecessor Trustee. A successor Trustee may accept the account rendered and the property delivered to the successor Trustee by or on behalf of the predecessor Trustee as a full and complete discharge of the predecessor Trustee without incurring any liability or responsibility for so doing. The successor Trustee shall be indemnified out of trust property for any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, damages and expenses arising from any act or omission of prior Trustees occurring before the date the trust property was received by the successor Trustee. 7.A Trustee may be appointed pursuant to this Article for a limited purpose or to hold only specified powers. 8.If any Trustee is removed, resigns or otherwise ceases to act as Trustee of any trust hereunder, the Trustee shall immediately surrender all records maintained by the Trustee with respect to such trust to the then acting Trustees or, if no other Trustee is then acting with respect to such trust, to the successor Trustee upon receipt of written notice of the designation of the successor Trustee from the person appointing such successor Trustee. F.Accountings and Other Proceedings. I.The Settler directs that a trust hereunder be subject to independent administration with as little court supervision as the law allows. The Trustees shall not be required to render to any court annual or other periodic accounts, or any inventory, appraisal, or other returns or reports, except as required by applicable state law. The Trustees shall take such action for the settlement or approval of accounts at such times and before such courts or without court proceedings as the Trustees shall determine. The Trustees shall pay the costs and expenses of any such action or proceeding, including (but not limited to) the compensation and expenses of attorneys and guardians, out of the property of the trust. The Trustees shall not be required to register any trust hereunder. ( 2. The Settlor directs that in any proceeding relating to a trust hereunder, service upon any person under a legal disability need not be made when another person not under a disability is a party to the proceeding and has the same interest as the person under the disability. The person under the disability shall nevertheless be bound by the results of the proceeding. The same rule shall apply to non-judicial settlements, releases, exonerations and indemnities. G.Additional General Provisions Regarding Fiduciaries. I."Interested Trustee" means for any trust a Trustee who is (i) a transferor of property to the trust, including a person whose qualified disclaimer resulted in property passing to the Trust; or (ii) a person who is or in the future may be eligible to receive income or principal pursuant to the terms of the Trust. A Trustee described in "(i)" is an Interested Trustee only with respect to the transferred property (including income and gain on, and reinvestment of, such property). A person is described in "(ii}" even if he or she has a remote contingent remainder interest, but is not described in "(ii)" if the person's only interest is as a potential appointee under a Non-Fiduciary Power of appointment held by another person the exercise of which will take effect only in the future, such as a testamentary power held by a living person. A Trustee who is not an Interested Trustee is a "Disinterested Trustee." 2.Under this Agreement, if two or more separate trusts with the same beneficiaries and same terms are created, either by direction or pursuant to the exercise of discretion, the Settlor intends that the separate trusts may but need not have the same investments and may but need not follow the same pattern of distributions. The Trustees' powers shall be exercisable separately with respect to each trust. 3.Except to the extent specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement, references to the Trustees shall, in their application to a trust hereunder, refer to all those from time to time acting as Trustees of that trust and, if two Trustees are eligible to act on any given matter, they spaJI act unanimously, or if more than two Trustees are eligible to act on a given matter, they shall act by majority. In the exercise of discretion over distributions, if this Agreement provides that certain Trustees may participate in distributions limited by an ascertainable standard, while a different set of Trustees may participate in distributions "for any purpose," if the two sets of Trustees (each acting by its own majority) want to distribute the same item of income or prim ipal to different recipients, the distribution desired by the set of Trustees participating in distributions "for any purpose" shall prevail. 4.Individual Trustees shall receive compensation in accordance with the law of the State of Maryland in effect at the time of payment, unless the Trustee waives compensation; provided that the Settler's descendants shall serve without compensation. A corporate Trustee shall be compensated by agreement with the individual Trustee or, in the absence of such agreement or ifthere is no individual Trustee, then in accordance with its fee schedule as in effect at the time of payment. The Settlor authorizes a corporate Trustee to charge additional fees for services it provides to a trust hereunder that are not comprised ( ( within its duties as Trustee, for example: A fee charged by a mutual fund it administers in which a trust hereunder invests, a fee for providing an appraisal, or a fee for providing corporate finance or investment banking services. The Settlor also recognizes that a corporate Trustee may charge separately for some services comprised within its duties as Trustee, for example: a separate fee for investing cash balances or preparing tax returns. Such separate charges shall not be treated as improper or excessive merely because they are in addition to a basic fee in calculating total compensation for service as Trustee. In calculating any compensation based on the value.of a trust, a policy of insurance on the life of a living person shall be deemed to have no value. 5.The Trustees shall be entitled to reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenditures made or incurred in the proper administration of the trusts under this Agreement or in furtherance of his or her fiduciary duties and obligations. 6.In the exercise of any of the authorities, powers or discretion conferred upon them by law or by this Agreement, the Trustees shall be held harmless and be free and wholly exonerated from liability on account of any honest error of judgment, or by reason of acts or things done, suffered or omitted without willful default or gross negligence, and the Trustees may indemnify themselves from the appropriate trust hereunder, for any expense, judgment, settlement, tax or other liability arising as a result of each Trustee's perfonnance of his or her fiduciary duties hereunder. A Trustee shall be liable only for his or her own acts constituting a willful default or gross negligence, and no Trustee shall be liable to-anyone for anything done or not done by any other Trustee, or by a Protector or beneficiary. 7.No Protector shall be liable to anyone for anything done or not done by the said Protector in connection with his or her appointed role created under this Agreement. 8.The fact that a Trustee is active in the investment business shall not be deemed a conflict of interest, and purchases and sales of investments may be made through a corporate Trustee or through any firm of which a corporate or individual Trustee is a partner, member, shareholder, proprietor, associate, employee, owner, subsidiary, affiliate or the like. Property of a trust hereunder may be invested in individual securities, mutual funds, partnerships, private placements, or other forms of investment promoted, underwritten, managed, or advised by a Trustee or such a firm. 9.The Trustees may employ and rely upon advice given by investment counsel, delegate discretionary investment authority over investments to investment counsel, and pay investment counsel' reasonable compensation in addition to fees otherwise payable to the Trustees, notwithstanding any rule of law otherwise prohibiting such dual compensation. The Trustees may acquire and retain investments that present a higher degree of risk than would normally be authorized by the applicable rules of fiduciary investment and conduct. No investment, no matter how risky or speculative, shall be absolutely prohibited, so long as prudent procedures are followed in selecting and retaining the investment and the investment constitutes a prudent percentage of the Trust. The Trustees may but need not favor retention of assets originally owned by the Settlor. The Trustees shall not be under any duty to ( ( diversify investments regardless of any rule of law requiring diversification, and any such duty is hereby waived. The Trustees may retain and acquire property that does not produce income, subject to any restrictions or qualifications of this power set forth elsewhere in this Agreement. 10.The fact that a Trustee (or a firm of which a Trustee is a member or with which a Trustee is otherwise affiliated) renders legal or other professional services to a trust hereunder shall not be deemed a conflict of interest, and the Trustees may pay fees for such services to such Trustee or firm without prior approval of any court or any beneficiary, whether or not there is a Co-Trustee to approve such payment. An attorney or other Trustee who also renders professional services shall receive full compensation for both services as Trustee and the professional services rendered, except as specifically limited by law. 11.No state law restraint on acts of self-dealing by a fiduciary shall apply to a Trustee who is the Settlor's Wife or a descendant of the Settlor, except to the extent but only to the extent such restraint may not be waived under applicable local law by a governing instrument. Except when prohibited by another provision of this Agreement, such a Trustee may enter into transactions on behalf of a trust hereunder in which that Trustee is personally interested so long as the terms of such transaction are fair to the trust. For example, such a Trustee may purchase property from the trust at its then fair market value without court approval. 12.If the Settlor has given the Trustees discretion concerning distributions of incom_e or principal, that discretion shall be absolute and uncontrolled, and subject to correction by a court only if the Trustees should act utterly without reason, or in bad faith, or in violation of specific provisions of this Agreement. If the SettIor has set forth general guidelines (as opposed to directions or dollar limits) for the Trustees in making distributions, those guidelines shall be merely suggestive and shall not create an enforceable standard whereby a distribution could be criticized or compelled. It is the Settler's strong belief that the Trustees will be in the best position to interpret and carry out the intentions expressed herein under changing circumstances. This paragraph shall not. however, apply to any standards framed in terms of health, education, maintenance and support (including support in an accustomed manner of living) as those words shall create an ascertainable standard for Federal tax purposes when applied to a Trustee's power or a power held individually, although even in those cases the holder of the power shall have as much discretion as is consistent therewith. An Interested Trustee who is otherwise authorized to make distributions to himself or herself subject to an ascertainable standard may exercise such discretion, .notwithstanding any contrary rule of law, unless such authorization would cause the trust property to be subject to the claims of the creditors of such Interested Trustee. 13.Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, each Trustee is prohibited from making, voting on, or otherwise participating in any discretionary distribution of income or principal from a trust that would discharge or substitute for a legal obligation of that Trustee, including the obligation to support a beneficiary of the trust. C (C \.. Further, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any Trustee authorized to distribute income or principal for his or her own health, education maintenance and support, in his or her accustomed manner of living, shall consider all resources reasonably available to him or her. Subject to that, in exercising discretion over distributions, the Trustees may consider or disregard other resources available to any beneficiary. 14.Unless the Settlor has specifica1ly provided otherwise, and subject to any ascertainable standard governing its exercise, the Trustees' discretionary power to distribute income or principal includes the power to distribute all of such income and/or principal to one or more members of a class to the exclusion of others, whether or not the terms of the trust specifically mention that possibility. 15.A Trustee may irrevocably release one or more powers held by the Trustee while retaining other powers. 16.Any Trustee may delegate to a Co-Trustee any power held by the delegating Trustee, but only if the Co-Trustee is authorized to exercise the power delegated. A delegation may be revocable, but while it is in effect the delegating Trustee shall have no responsibility concerning the exercise of the delegated power. 17.Unless otherwise provided in this instrument, any authority granted to a Trustee in this Agreement or by law, whether stated as an authority, right, power or otherwise,l may be exercised by the Trustee in that Trustee's sole and absolute discretion. H.Waiver of Bond. No Trustee shall be required to give bond or other security in any jurisdiction. and if despite this exoneration a bond is nevertheless required, no sureties shall be required. 

=== ARTICLE XV === Governing Law and Trustee Powers The interpretation and operation of the trust shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland. The Trustees may, without prior authority from any court, exercise all powers conferred by this Agreement or by common law or by any fiduciary powers act or other statute of the State of Maryland or any other jurisdiction whose law applies to the trust. The Trustees shall have sole and absolute discretion in exercising these powers. Except as  specificalJy limited by this Agreement, these powers shall extend to all property held by the : Trustees until actual distribution of the property. The powers of the Trustees shall include the ! following: A.Special Trustee Liability Provision. Some persons may be hesitant to serve as Trustee hereunder because of a concern about potential liability. Therefore, with respect to any trust created hereunder (i) no Trustee shall incur any liability by reason of any error of judgment. mistake of law, or action of any kind taken or omitted to be taken in connection with the administration of any trust created hereunder if in good faith reasonably believed by ( \. \... l such Trustee to be in accordance with the provisions and intent hereof, except for matters involving such Trustee's willful misconduct or gross negligence proved by clear and convincing evidence, and (ii) each Trustee shall be fully indemnified by the trust estate against any claim or demand by any trust beneficiary or trust creditor, except for any claim or demand based on such Trustee's willful misconduct or gross negligence proved by clear and convincing evidence. Expenses incurred by a Trustee in defending any such claim or demand shall be paid by the trust estate in advance of the final disposition of such claim or demand, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such Trustee to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such Trustee is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized by this paragraph. In no event shall any Trustee hereunder be liable for any matter with respect to which he, she or it is not authorized to participate hereunder (including the duty to review or monitor trust investments). B.Reliance Upon Advice. The Trustees may employ and rely upon advice given by accountants, attorneys, investment bankers, and other expert advisors and employ agents, clerks and other employees and pay reasonable compensation to such advisors or employees in addition to fees otherwise payable to the Trustees, notwithstanding any rule of law otherwise prohibiting such dual compensation. C.Custodian Employed. The Trustees may employ a custodian, hold property unregistered or in the name ofa nominee (including the nominee ofany bank, trust company, brokerage house or other institution employed as custodian), and pay reasonable compensation to a custodian in addition to any fees otherwise payable to the Trustees, notwithstanding any rule of law otherwise prohibiting such dual compensation. D.Trustee as Agent. The Trustees serving in any jurisdiction in which a corporate trustee is unable to serve as Trustee may use such corporate trustee as agent to perform any task that may lawfully be performed by such agent in that jurisdiction, and may pay to such corporate trustee such compensation for its services as agent as shall be agreed upon by all Trustees. E.Financial Accounts. The Trustees may deposit money in one or more accounts in regulated financial service institutions, including but not limited to banks, savings institutions and brokerage houses, and may draw checks, drafts or other forms of withdrawal, including electronic transfers, from these accounts. F.Specific Securities. The Trustees may invest in assets, securities or interests in securities of any nature, whether obtained in domestic or foreign markets, including (without limit) precious metals and currencies. The Trustees may also invest in mutual or investment funds or trade on credit or margin accounts. G.Amortize Securities Premiums. The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may amortize, in whole or in part, the premium on securities received or purchased at a premium or treat as income the gross return from such securities. The Settlor I
II
lanticipates (but the Settlor does not direct) that the Trustees will consider amortization when failure to amortize would resuJt in a substantial impairment of principal. H.Allocate Receipts and Disbursements. The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may allocate receipts and disbursements, to income or principal in such manner as the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) shall determine, even though a particular allocation may be inconsistent with otherwise applicable state law. I.Allocate Gain to Income or Principal. The Trustees (other than any Interested Trustee) may allocate within the meaning of Reg. 1.643(a)-3(b) to income or to principal, or partly to income and partly to principal, all or part of the realized gains from the sale or exchange of trust assets; provided, however, that, if income is defined under an applicable state statute as a unitrust amount and the trust is being administered pursuant to such statute, the allocation of gains to income must be exercised consistently and the amount so allocated may not be greater than the excess of the unitrust amount over the amount of distributable net income determined without regard to Reg. l.643(a)-3(b). J.Tax Elections and Allocations. The Trustees may make all tax elections and jallocations the Trustees may consider appropriate; provided, however, this authority is exercisable only in a fiduciary capacity and may not be used to enlarge or shift any beneficial interest except as an incidental consequence of the discharge of fiduciary duties. Tax I elections and allocations made in good faith shall not require equitable adjustments. '-- K.Valuations. In making distributions or allocations under the terms of this 1 Agreement to be valued as of a particular date, the Trustees may use asset valuations obtained for a date reasonably close to that particular date (such as a quarterly closing date before or t after that date) if, in the Trustees' judgment, obtaining appraisals or other determinations of ! value on that date would result in unnecessary expense, and if in the Trustees' judgment, the 1 fair market value as determined is substantially the same on the actual date. This paragraph will not apply if valuation on a specific date is required to preserve a qualification for a tax benefit, including any deduction, credit, or most favorable allocation of an exemption. L.Additions to Trust. The Trustees may accept or decline to accept additions : from any source; provided, however, that the Trustees may not accept additions of property in . which any beneficiary or trustee, other than the Settlor, has an ownership interest. Any such ' property other than cash shall be returned upon demand to the transferor, together with any 1 income earned on that property. If any such cash is deposited into the account of any trust or ! otherwise used for trust purposes, that amount shall be repaid to the transferor by the Trustees '. on demand, together with interest thereon at the Applicable Federal Rate, as determined and  defined in accordance with Code Sec. 7872(e)(l)(A). M.Disclaimers. The Trustees may disclaim, in whole or in part, any property or I interest therein which passes to any trust hereunder, for any reason, including but not limited to a concern that such property could cause potential liability under any Federal, state or local iI
l IenvironmentaJ law, all without the necessity of obtaining a court order to do so (unless a court order is required under applicable state law). N. Sale or Exchange of Property. The Trustees may sell property at public or private sale, for cash or upon credit, exchange property for other property, lease property for any period of time and give options ofany duration for sales, exchanges or leases. The Trustees may give such warranties or indemnifications as the Trustees may deem advisable. The Trustees may engage in transactions with any estate or trust, incJuding but not limited to the Settlor's estate, the estate of the Settler's ,Spouse, the estate of any of the Settler's descendants or any trust established by the Settlor, the Settlor's Spouse, or any of the Settler's descendants. Such transactions shall include lending money to, borrowing money from, purchasing real or personal property from, selling real or personal property to or exchanging real or personal property with the fiduciary of any estate or trust upon any terms or conditions. 0. Investment Responsibility. The Trustees may retain any property originally owned by the Settler and invest and reinvest in all forms of real and personal property, whether inside or outside the United States, including, without limitation, common trust funds of a corporate Trustee, mutual funds, partnerships (including a partnership in which a Trustee is a partner), limited liability companies (including a limited liability company in which the Trustee is a member) and other fonns of joint investment (which may but need not be managed by, advised by or affiliated with a Trustee), without regard to any principle of law limiting delegation of investment responsibility by the Trustees. '- P. Security Interests. The Trustees may grant security interests and execute all instruments creating, modifying or terminating such interests upon such terms as the Trustees may deem advisable. Q.Business Interests and Rights. The Trustees may hoJd interests in sole proprietorships, general or limited partnerships,joint ventures, business trusts, land trusts, limited liability companies and other domestic and foreign forms of organizations. The Trustees may incorporate any business or venture, or continue any unincorporated business that the Trustees determine to be not advisable to incorporate. The Trustees may exercise all rights in connection with such interests as the Trustees deem appropriate; vote and exercise  any option, right or privilege to purchase or to convert bonds, notes, stock (including shares or; fractional shares of stock of any corporate Trustee), securities or other property; borrow ! money for the purpose of exercising any such option, right or privilege; delegate those rights to an agent; enter into voting trusts and other agreements or subscriptions; participate in any  type of liquidation or reorganization of any enterprise; and write and sell covered call options,  puts, calls, straddles, or other methods of buying or selling securities, as well as alt related  transactions. R.Participation in Mergers and Reorganizations. The Trustees may join in any merger, reorganization, voting-trust plan or other concerted action of security holders and delegate discretionary powers (including investment powers) in entering into the arrangement. '-- (' S.Administer Claims or Debts. The Trustees may contest, compromise, arbitrate, litigate or otherwise adjust claims or debts in favor of or against the Trust, including paying those claims in full. The Trustees may maintain any action to marshal trust assets or recover trust property. The Trustees may agree to any rescission or modification of any contract or agreement, and may refrain from instituting any suit or action unless indemnified for reasonable costs and expenses. The Trustees may abandon or demolish any property which the Trustees shall determine to be of little or no value without the consent by or notification of any beneficiary. T.liorrowings. The Trustees may borrow from anyone, even if the lender is a 1 Trustee under this Agreement, and may pledge property as security for repayment of the funds' borrowed. The Trustees are authorized to establish and maintain a margin account and to borrow money for the purpose of acquiring, possessing, short selling and transferring and generally dealing in and with any and all forms of securities including, but not by way of limitation, shares, stock, listed or OTC options, index options, bonds, notes, debentures, option warrants, certificate of deposits, mortgages, municipal and government securities and any and all commodities, commodities futures contracts, commodities options or options on commodities futures on margin. No Trustee shall be personally liable for any such loan, and such loan shall be payable only out of assets of the Settlor's estate. U.Loans. The Trustees may make loans to, may buy property from, and generally shall have the power to make contracts with the Settler's estate, the Settlor's Spouse's estate or the trustee of any trust subject to any wealth transfer tax upon the death of '- the Settlor or the Settler's Spouse, regardless of the fact that one or more or all of the persons serving as Trustee hereunder are also serving as a selling, borrowing or otherwise contracting Executor or Trustee; provided that such loans shall be for adequate interest and shall be adequately secured, and such purchases shall be for the property's then fair market value. V.Lending to Beneficiaries. The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may lend money or property of any trust hereby created to any beneficiary of such trust without security and/or without interest. W.Guarantees. The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may make guarantees secured by trust property, including guarantees for the benefit of a beneficiary on terms and conditions the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) ! consider to be fair and reasonable under the circumstances, and the Trustees shall have a lien on future distributions for repayment of any amount that may be paid on account of such 1 guarantee (other than guarantees made for investment purposes); provided that any such  guarantee shall be permitted only to the extent it is: (i) made for investment purposes with , .!  ,I. I respect to an interest in a proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, statutory trust, business trust, corporation or other form of business enterprise owned in whole or in part by the trust, (ii) made in lieu of a distribution that could have been made to or for such beneficiary under the terms of the governing instrument, or (iii) made for the benefit of another trust of which such beneficiary is also a beneficiary. l1
' ( '- r '--- '-- X.Division and Distribution of Trust Fund Assets. The Trustees may divide and distribute the assets of the Trust Fund in kind, in money, or partly in each, without regard to the income tax basis of any asset and without the consent of any beneficiary. The decision of the Trustees in dividing any portion of the Trust Fund between or among multiple beneficiaries shall be binding on all persons. Y.Distributions in Cash or Kind. The Trustees may, without the consent of any beneficiary, make distributions in cash or in kind, and allocate specific assets in satisfaction of fractional shares or pecuniary sums among the beneficiaries (including any trust) in such proportions, not necessarily pro rata, as th Trustees may determine, even though a Trustee has an interest affected by the distribution and even though different beneficiaries entitled to the same sum or share may thereby receive different mixes of assets, possibly with different income tax bases, as long as the fair market value of property on the date of distribution is used in determining the extent to which any distribution satisfies a sum or share. z. Distributions as Paid from Capital Gains. The Trustees (other than any Interested Trustee and other than the Settlor) may deem, within the meaning of Reg. l.643(a) 3(e), any discretionary distribution of principal as being paid from capital gains realized during the year. The Trustees (other than any Interested Trustee and other than the Settlor) may take any action that may be necessary in order for such deeming to be respected for tax purposes. AA.Determinations About Property. The Trustees may determine what property is covered by general descriptions contained in this Agreement. BB.Application of Property. The Trustees may apply for the use of any individual, any property, whether principal or income, that otherwise would or could be distributed directly to such individual. CC.Insurance. The Trustees may obtain property or casualty insurance for the assets of any trust. DD.Improvements to Property. The Trustees may, with respect to any real property: (i) partition, subdivide or improve such property and enter into agreements concerning the partition, subdivision, improvement, zoning or management of any real estate in which a trust hereunder has an interest and impose or extinguish restrictions on any such real estate; (ii) sell, exchange, lease for any period, mortgage, alter or otherwise dispose of such property and execute any instrument necessary to do that; and (iii) charge to principal the net loss incurred in operating or carrying non-income producing real property. EE.Depreciation. The Trustees may deduct from all receipts attributable to depreciable property a reasonable allowance for depreciation, computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. \ FF.Acquisition and Maintenance of Real Property. The Trustees may acquire, hold and maintain any residence (whether held as real property, condominium or cooperative apartment) for the use and benefit of any one or more of the beneficiaries of any trust whenever that action is consistent with the terms of that trust, and, if the Trustees shall determine that it would be in the best interests of the beneficiaries of that trust (and consistent with the terms of that trust) to maintain a residence for their use but that the residence owned by that trust should not be used for such purposes, the Trustees may sell said residence and apply the net proceeds of sale to the purchase of such other residence or make such other arrangements as the Trustees shall deem suitable for the purpose. Any proceeds of sale not needed for reinvestment in a residence as provided above shall be added to the principal of that trust and thereafter held, administered and disposed of as a part thereof. The Trustees may pay all carrying charges of such residence, including, but not limited to, any taxes, assessments and maintenance thereon, and all expenses of the repair and operation thereof, including the employment of household employees (including independent contractors) and other expenses incident to the running of a household for the benefit of the beneficiaries of that trust. Without limiting the foregoing, the Trustees may permit any income beneficiary of any trust created hereunder to occupy any real property or use any personal property forming a part of that trust on such terms as the Trustees may determine, whether rent free or in consideration of payment of taxes, insurance, maintenance and ordinary repairs or otherwise. In the case of any trust created under this Agreement that qualifies for the marital deduction, , such occupancy shall be rent free and any other condition shall be consistent with the intention that the Settlor's Spouse have that degree of beneficial enjoyment of the trust property during life which the principles of the law of trusts accord to a person who is unqualifiedly designated as the life beneficiary of a trust, so that the Settlor s Spouse's interest is a qualifying income interest for life for purposes of the marital deduction. GO. Oil and Gas. The Trustees may, with respect to rights or interests in oil, natural gas, minerals and other natural resources (together with related equipment), including oil and gas royalties and leases, whether owned in fee, as lessee, lessor, licensee, concessionaire or otherwise, or alone or jointly as partner, joint tenant, joint venturer or in any other noncorporate manner: (i) drill, test, explore, maintain, develop and otherwise exploit, either alone or jointly with others, any such rights or interests; (ii) enter into operation, farm out, pooling or unitization agreements in connection with any or all of such rights and interests; and (iii) extract, remove, process, convert, retain, store, sell or exchange such rights and interests and the production therefrom, all in any manner, to any extent, on any terms and for any consideration. HH. Acquisition and Maintenance of Personal Property. The Trustees may acquire, hold and maintain as a part of each trust hereunder any and all articles of tangible personal property or any other property whether productive, underproductive or unproductive of income, and without any duty to convert such property to productive property, subject, however, to any right of the Settlor's Spouse to demand that any property held in a trust for the Settlor's Spouse be made productive and pay the expenses of the repair and maintenance 26 - , 'Iof such property, and sell such property and apply the net proceeds of sale to the purchase of such other property as the Trustees deem suitable for the purpose. II.Tangible Person.al Property. The Trustees may receive and hold tangible personal property, pay or refrain from paying storage and insurance charges for such property, and permit any beneficiaries to use such property without the Trustees or the beneficiaries incurring any liability for wear, tear, and obsolescence of the property. '-- JJ.Negating Power of Appointment for Interested Trustee as Beneficiary. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Interested Trustee who is a beneficiary of any trust created hereunder shall ever participate as Trustee of that trust in (i) the exercise, or decision not to exercise, any discretion over beneficial payments, distributions, applications, uses or accumulations of income or principal by the Trustees to or for any beneficiary other than pursuant to an ascertainable standard, if any, expressly set forth and authorized in this Agreement, or (ii) the exercise of any general power of appointment described in Code Sec. 2041 or 2514 (but this shall not apply to a general power of appointment, if any, granted in a non-fiduciary capacity). If any Trustee is under a duty to support a beneficiary or is acting as a guardian, conservator, or similar fiduciary of any Carl Huntington who is a benefici?TY , such Trustee shall not participate in the exercise, or decision not to exercise, any discretion over beneficial payments, distributions, applications or uses of trust property in discharge of any obligation of support. No Trustee shall participate in the exercise of any discretion (including, but without limitation, any discretion which would constitute an "incident of ownership" within the meaning of Code Sec. 2042) with respect to any insurance policy on his or her life held hereunder. In each case, the determination of the remaining Trustee or Trustees shall be final and binding upon the beneficiaries of such trust. In addition, no individual shall have any power of appointment over or power to direct the beneficial enjoyment of the fractional share of any trust hereunder consisting of disclaimed property, including any accumulated income of that share, unless such power to direct the beneficial enjoyment is limited by an ascertainable standard. The limitations in this paragraph shall not apply to the Settlor if the Settlor is serving as Trustee. KK.Hold Trusts as Combined Fund. The Trustees may hold two or more trusts ! hereunder as a combined fund (allocating ratably to such trusts all receipts from, and expenses of, the combined fund) for convenience in investment and administration, but no combination 1 of trusts for this purpose may alter their status as separate trusts. LL.Administration of Multiple Trusts. Whenever two trusts created under this Agreement are directed to be combined into a single trust (for example, because property of one trust is to be added to the other trust), whether or not the trusts have different inclusion ratios with respect to any common transferor or have different transferors for generation skipping transfer tax purposes, the Trustees are authorized, instead of combining said trusts, to administer them as two separate trusts with identical terms in accordance with the provisions that would have governed the combined trusts. However, the Trustees may manage and invest such separate trusts in so/ido. If anyone (for example, the Settlor's . ......_ (l ' Spouse) adds or is deemed to add by gift or bequest property to a trust created 'under this Agreement, the Settlor authorizes the Trustees to hold the added property as a separate trust with terms identical to the trust to which it would have been added and the Trustees may manage and invest such separate trusts in solido. MM.Consolidation of Trusts. The Trustees may (a) consolidate, and hold as a single trust, property held in two or more separate trusts hereby created or property held in a trust hereby created and property held in any trust created under any other instrument, if the terms of all such trusts are substantially the same (or, in the case of a GST Exempt Trust, if the terms of all such trusts are identical), and all such trusts have the same Trustees, provided that each portion of the consolidated trust shall terminate and vest in possession no later than the date required for the separate trust from which it came; or (b) pay over any property held in any trust hereby created to the trustees of another trust hereby created or another trust created under any other instrument for purposes of consolidation if the terms of such trusts are substantially the same (or, in the case of a GST Exempt Trust, if the terms of such trusts are identical), provided that each portion of the consolidated trust shall terminate and vest in 1 possession no later than the date required for the separate trust from which it came. NN.Division of Trusts, The Trustees may divide any trust into two or more  separate trusts and administer them as separate trusts, either before or after the trust is funded, to enable the GST Exemption to be allocated separately to one of the trusts, to enable the election under Code Sec. 2652(a) to be made separately over one of them or otherwise to make possible a separate trust with a zero inclusion ratio because the trusts have different '- transferors for GST purposes or for any other tax or non-tax purpose. Any such division shall be by fractional shares and each share shall participate pro rata in income, appreciation and I depreciation to the time of division. Any relevant pecuniary amount (such as the obligation to pay an annuity, or the right to withdraw that amount referred to in Code Sec. 2514(e)(I) (currently, Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000)) shall be applied to the separate trusts based on the fractional shares into which they are divided. 00. Termination of Trusts. If the Trustees shall determine that continuation of any trust created hereunder is neither necessary nor desirable, or that continuation of such trust is unwarranted in view of the small size of the trust estate, the Trustees may terminate such trust by paying the principal of such trust to the person or persons then entitled to income payments from such trust immediately prior to its termination hereunder, in shares reflecting their income interests, or to those persons eligible to receive discretionary payments of income from such trust in such shares as the Trustees shall determine. PP. Character of Unitrust Amount Paid. The Trustees (other than any Interested Trustee) may, within the meaning of Reg. 1.643(a)-3(e), specify the tax character of any unitrust amount paid hereunder. The Trustees (other than any Interested Trustee) may take any action that may be necessary in order for such specification to be respected for tax purposes. , '- II \ 

=== ARTICLE XVI === S Corporation Stock Before the date on which any "S Corporation Shares" (defined below) otherwise would pass to or be treated as held by an "Ineligible Trust" (defined below), the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may elect to hold these S Corporation Shares in one or more separate trusts or trust shares on the terms set forth in this Article. The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) may elect to hold such S Corporation Shares under the Section entitled "Qualified Subchapter S Trusts" or the Section entitled "Electing Small Business Trusts," as the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) shall deem appropriate, considering the changes that such provisions would require from the terms and conditions under which such shares otherwise would be held under this Agreement. A.Qualified Subchapter S Trusts. Any S Corporation Shares held under this Section shall be on the following terms: l. Each trust held under this Section shall be a separate trust or substantially separate and independent share, as defined in Code Sec. 1361(d), held for the benefit of one beneficiary. Any reference in this Section to a beneficiary's separate trust shall refer equally to any substantially separate and independent trust share. 2.Until the "QSST Termination Date" (defined below), the Trustees shall annually distribute all the trust's ''Net Income" (defined below) to the sole beneficiary of each '- trust held under this Section, together with as much of that trust's principal as is appropriate under the standard contained in the trust which otherwise would have held such S Corporation Shares. The Trustees shall not distribute income or principal to anyone other than the beneficiary to whom Net Income is distributable until the QSST Termination Date. 3.Upon the QSST Termination Date, the Trustees shall distribute the remaining trust assets to the beneficiary to whom Net Income was then distributable, if then living, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Trust which would otherwise have held such S Corporation Shares. I 4. The Trustees shall notify the sole beneficiary of each trust held under ! this Section that he or she must timely and properly elect under Code Sec. 1361(d) to cause 1 , ,, '-- such trust held to be treated as a Qualified Subchapter S Trust for Federal income tax purposes, and if the beneficiary fails or refuses to do so, the Trustees shall hold such S 1 Corporation Shares under the Section entitled "Electing Small Business Trusts." 5.The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) shall administer any trust under this Section as a Qualified Subchapter S Trust, as defined in Code Sec. 1361(d). 6.In the event there is more than one income beneficiary of an Ineligible Trust, the Trustees shall divide the S Corporation Shares that will be held under this Section 1 (into separate trusts, based on each beneficiary's interest in the income of the Ineligible Trust that otherwise would have held those shares. If no beneficiary was entitled to income of such Ineligible Trust at that time, the Trustees may divide the S Corporation Shares into separate trusts for the beneficiaries of such Ineligible Trusts in such manner as the Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) shall deem appropriate. B.Electing Small Business Trusts. Any S Corporation Shares held under this Section shall be held on the following terms: 1.The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) shall apportion to the trusts under this Section a reasonable share of the unallocated expenses of all trusts under this Agreement in a manner consistent with the applicable Internal Revenue Code and Treasury Regulations. 2.The Trustees shall make that election required by Code Sec. 136 I (e) to qualify the trust under this Section as an Electing Small Business Trust under Code Sec. 1361(e). 3.The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) shall administer each trust under this Section as an Electing Small Business Trust under Code Sec. 1361(e). \._ C.Implementation. The Trustees (excluding, however, any Interested Trustee) shall manifest their selection of the form in which they shall hold any S Corporation Shares by written notice to all persons who would be eligible or entitled at the time of such writing to receive income from the [neligible Trust that otherwise would hold such S Corporation Shares. D.Definitions. The following definitions apply for purposes of this Article: 1."Ineligible Trust" means a trust whose ownership of any S Corporation Shares would cause the termination of that corporation's election to be taxed under subchapter S of the Code. 2."Net Income'' means income, as defined in Code Sec. 643(b). 3."S Corporation Shares" means shares of any stock of a corporation that then operates or that the Trustees shall deem likely to operate in the future under an election to have its earnings taxed directly to its stockholders under subchapter S of the Code. 4.The "QSST Termination Date" means, separately, with respect to each trust held under the Section entitled "Qualified Subchapter S Trusts," the earlier of the date on which the beneficiary dies and the date on which the trust terminates. (I
It' 

=== ARTICLE XVII === The Closely-Held Business A.Authority to Operate. The Trustees may operate "the Business" (as defined below) and retain any equity interests in the Business, even if these interests otherwise would be a speculative or inappropriate investment for a trust. The Trustees may do all things related to the operation of the Business that the Settlor could have done if living, in a fiduciary capacity: I.The Trustees may carry out the terms of any option or buy-sell agreements into which the Settlor may have entered. 2. The Trustees may sell or liquidate any of the Business interests at such price and on such terms as the Trustees may deem advisable. 3. the Business. The Trustees may arrange for and supervise the continued operations of 1 I '--- I' '- 4.The Trustees may vote (in person or by proxy) as stockholder or ! otherwise and in any matter involving the Business on behalf of the trust. 5.The Trustees may grant, exercise, sell, or otherwise deal in any rights to subscribe to additional interests in the Business. 6.The Trustees may take any actions appropriate to cause the capital stock or securities in the Business to be registered for public sale under any state or Federal securities act; may enter into any underwriting agreements or other agreements necessary or advisable for this registration and sale; and may grant indemnities to underwriters and others in connection with such registration. 7.The Trustees may participate in any incorporation, dissolution, merger, reorganization or other change in the form of the Business and, where appropriate, deposit securities with any protective committees and participate in voting trusts. 8.The Trustees may delegate to others discretionary power to take any action with respect to the management and affairs of the Business that the Settlor could have taken as the owner of the Business. 9.The Trustees may invest additional capital in, subscribe to additional stock or securities of and loan money or credit to the Business from the trust. 10.The Trustees may accept as correct financial or other statements rendered by the Business as to its conditions and operations except when having actual notice to the contrary. I ll ( " B.Compensation. The Trustees shall be entitled to additional reasonable compensation for the performance of services with respect to the Business, which may be paid to the Trustees from the Business, the Trust Fund, or both, as the Trustees may deem advisable. C.Conflict of Interest Waived. The Trustees may exercise the authorities granted under this Article even if the Trustees shall own personally an interest in the Business. D.The "Business" Defined. The "Business" means any interest the Settlor, the Trust, or both, shall own at the Settlor's death, representing, in the aggregate, at least five percent (5%) of the total equity interests in any actively-conducted trade or business, whether incorporated or unincorporated. The "Business" shall also include, but not be limited to, any five percent (5%) or greater equity interests in any corporations, general and/or limited partnerships as well as membership interests in any limited liability company or other business enterprise formed, operated or beneficially owned by the Settlor prior to the Settler's death or participated in (to the extent of five percent (5%) or more) by the Settler prior to the Settlor' s death. The "Business" does not include any interests that are regularly traded on an established exchange or over-the-counter. 

=== ARTICLE XVIII === Definitions and Miscellaneous Provisions "- The following definitions and miscellaneous provisions shall apply under this Agreement: A.Children and Descendants. References to "children" and "descendants" shall include children and descendants whenever born. B.Surviving Spouse. The ..surviving spouse" of an individual, other than with respect to the Settlor, means the person (if any) who survives that individual and who is married to and living as husband and wife with that individual at the time of his or her death. For this purpose, individuals shall not be treated as not living together as husband and wife merely on account of separations for educational, business, health or similar reasons. C.Determining Descendants. One's children and other descendants shall be determined according to applicable law, except to the extent modified by this Article or by other specific provisions of this Agreement. 1.A child adopted before he or she attains eighteen years of age (but not after attaining that age) shall be treated under this Agreement as a child of his or her adopting parents and a descendant of their ancestors. 2.A biological child shall not be treated as a child or descendant of any biological parent of the child or as a descendant of the ancestors of such biological parent if '- ' '-- '- the child has been surrendered for adoption with the consent of such biological parent and the child's adoptive parent substitutes for the consenting parent under applicable state law. 3.A biological child born out of wedlock shall not be treated as a child or descendant of his or her biological parent, or as a descendant of the ancestors of such biological parent, unless and until acknowledged by such biological parent. 4.Adoptions and marriages that are recognized under this Agreement shall not affect prior distributions or other interests that have previously vested in possession, but they shall enable a person to receive distributions from or remainder or other interests in a trust still in existence. The descendants of a person who is treated as a child or descendant under this Article shall also be treated as descendants of such person's ancestors. The descendants of a person who is treated as not being a child or descendant under this Article shall also be treated as not being descendants of such person's ancestors. D.Minor and Adult. Whether an individual is a minor or an adult shall be determined under the laws of the individual's domicile at the time in question, except in cases when this Agreement has specifically defined "Minor" to mean a person under twenty-one years of age. E.Code and Regulations. References to the "Internal Revenue Code" or "Code" or to provisions thereof are to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended at the time in question. References to the "Regulations" and "Regs." are to the Regulations under the Code. ff, by the time in question, a particular provision of the Code has been renumbered, or the Code has been superseded by a subsequent Federal tax law, the reference shall be deemed to be to the renumbered provision or the corresponding provision of the subsequent law, unless to do so would clearly be contrary to the Settlor's intent as expressed in this Agreement. A similar rule shall apply to references to the Regulations. F.Per Stirpes. Property that is to be divided among an individual's surviving or then-living descendants "per stirpes" or in "per stirpital shares" shall be divided into as many equal shares as there are children of the individual who are then living or who have died leaving surviving or then-living descendants. A share allocated to a deceased child of the individual shall be divided further among such deceased child's surviving or then-living descendants in the same manner. G.Personal Representative. Whenever herein a reference is made to the Settlor's or another person's Personal Representative, such reference shall be to those serving as the fiduciary of that person's estate, whether or not their title is Personal Representative under applicable state law. H.Incapacitated Trustee. A Trustee shall be deemed to be "incapacitated" (and while incapacitated shall not serve as a Trustee) if another then-serving Trustee or, if there is none, the next successor Trustee receives written certification that the examined individual is 'physically or mentally incapable of managing the affairs of the trust, whether or not there is an adjudication of incapacity. 1.This certification shall be valid only if it is signed by at least two licensed physicians, each of whom has personally examined the Trustee. 2.This certification need not indicate any cause for the incapacity of the Trustee. 3.A certification of incapacity shall be rescinded when a serving Trustee '- \._, receives a certification that the former Trustee is capable of managing the trust's affairs. This certification, too, shall be valid only if it is signed by at least two licensed physicians, each of whom has personally examined the Trustee, and at least one (I) of whom is board certified in the specialty most closely associated with the former incapacity. 4.No person is liable to anyone for actions taken in reliance on the certifications under this Section or for dealing with a Trustee other than the one removed for incapacity based on these certifications. I.Gross Estate. "Gross estate" means the Settlor's gross estate as determined for Federal estate tax purposes (or for state death tax purposes where relevant). J.Change of Situs. I. This Trust is initially to be governed by the law of the State of Maryland. All matters of validity, interpretation, construction and meaning or effect of the Trust created under this Agreement are to be govemec;l by such law. In addition, all matters involving the administration of the Trust created under this Agreement are to be governed by such law. However, the Trustees may change the situs of the Trust as provided below. 2. All matters involving the situs of the property of any trust created hereunder may be transferred to, and maintained in, any jurisdiction, in the discretion of the Trustees (other than an Interested Trustee), and such trust shall be administered in, and in accordance with, the procedural laws (including all matters of Trust administration}and, to the extent the Trustees (other than an Interested Trustee) shall determine, the substantive laws (including all matters of Trust validity, interpretation, construction, meaning and effect) of, such jurisdiction (and subject, as required, to the exclusive supervision of the ourts of such jurisdiction); provided, however, that the substantive law of such other jurisdiction shall not apply if and to the extent that it would render any disposition under this Agreement invalid or affect the right of any person to share in the principal of or income from such trust. Accordingly, if the Trustees (other than an Interested Trustee) of any trust created hereunder elect to change the situs of any such trust, the Trustees are hereby relieved of any requirement of having to qualify in any other jurisdiction and of any requirement of having to account in any court of such other jurisdiction. \.
IIIK.Certain Survivorship Rules. A person (the "Non-Skip Person") shall not be deemed to have been alive on the date of any distribution from or any termination of any interest in a trust under this Agreement or any other event covered by Reg. 26.2651- 1(a)(iii) (or any successor thereto) for which date (the "Transfer Date") the date of the Non-Skip Person's death is relevant if (a) the Non-Skip Person actually was alive on the Transfer Date but is not actually alive on the date ninety days following the Transfer Date, and (b) the existence of a condition of survivorship causes another person who otherwise would be assigned to a generation below that of the Non-Skip Person to be assigned to the generation of the Non-Skip Person for purposes of the Federal tax on generation skipping transfers. '--- 

=== ARTICLE XIX === Manifestation of Trustees' Actions When a Trustee takes action that is authorized hereunder and such action does not involve the participation of another person with respect to such action, the Trustee may (but shall not be required to) execute, within a reasonable time of taking such action, an acknowledged, written instrument describing the action taken, which instrument shall be maintained with the trust records and either filed in the court having jurisdiction over the trust or delivered to one or more of the adult and competent beneficiaries then eligible or entitled to distributions of income or principal of such trust or, if there is no such beneficiary, to one or more of the parent(s), guardian(s) of the person, conservator(s) or committee of the minor or incompetent beneficiaries then eligible or entitled to distributions of income or principal of such trust. Failure to execute or to file or deliver the instrument shall not make the action taken by a Trustee void, voidable or ineffective, and the Trustee or Trustees, as the case may be, shall not be subject to any liability or surcharge for failure to document such action. 

=== ARTICLE XX === Savings Clause Should any of the provisions or directions of this Agreement fail or be held ineffectual , or invalid for any reason, it is the Settler's desire that no other portion or provision of this Agreement be invalidated, impaired or affected thereby, but that this Agreement be construed 1 as if such invalid provision or direction had not been contained therein. ARTICLEXXI Captions l '' The captions used in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and I for reference and in no way define, limit or describe the scope of this Agreement or the intent of any provision therein. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trustees and the Settler have signed this Agreement, I effective the day and year first above written and executed by each of them on the dates set I forth below. I I I I! \. Dated: "101 ;zo, COMMONWEAL THE OF STATE ) ) COUNTY OF FAIRFAX ) I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this day of May, 2012, before me, the subscriber, a Notary Public, personally appeared CARL HUNTINGTON, as Settlor, personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that the foregoing instrument was executed by CARL HUNTINGTON, as Settlor, for the purposes therein contained. WITNESS my hand and notarial seal. (SEAL) 36- '- \.,,,,. ' Dated: IM-7:) :s I; 2o 1 -:2.. 01c._l'\llo.0 W. JANIYA SHEPHERD, as Trustee DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ) ) CITY OF WASHINGTON ) I HEREBY CERTIFY that on this-2!_ day of May, 2012, before me, the subscriber, a Notary Public in and for Washington, District of Columbia, personally appeared JANIYA SHEPHERD, as Trustee, personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that the foregoing instrument was executed by JANIYA SHEPHERD, as Trustee, for the purposes therein contained. 